# UC11 #

## 1.Requirements Engineering ##

     This section describes the requirements of the use case.

### Use Case Description ###

     UC11: Register a candidate and create a corresponding user

### Client Specifications and Clarifications ###

> **Question:** Regarding the US2000a requirement which states "As an Operator, I want to register a candidate and create a corresponding user," I would like to know how a candidate will be registered in the system, i.e., understand the processes for registering a candidate. Since the candidate has their name, email, and phone number, how should their username be formatted to avoid conflicts with other candidates' names? Additionally, how should the candidate be notified of their username and password?
>
> **Answer:** There is no need for a username (See Q11). Regarding the password, I think the system can generate a unique password. You may assume the candidate will be informed of his/her password by means that are outside of the scope of what is to be developed for this version of the system.

> **Question:**– Regarding candidate registration, should the data be entered manually or imported from the candidate data file?
> 
> **Answer:**. It makes sense for them to be imported from the file, within the scope of US2002. Eventually give the user the possibility to make changes, if necessary. US2000a refers to an Operator functionality to manually register candidates. (Note: answer updated on 04/18/2024, in bold

> **Question:** The operator can register a candidate: does he put the info manually or has to be read of the file generated by the bot? This user will appear then in the backoffice...enable as default I think. Then the admin, can also register manually a candidate as the operator did it? I don't understand at all the different between a registration of the candidate made by the admin or made by the operator.
>
> **Answer:** See Q74. US2000a is for the Operator to manually register a candidate and his/her user in the system. US2002 is for import of the applications from the data iin the files produced by the application file bot. If the candidate does not exist, it should be created. I think there is no registration of a candidate by the admin.

> **Question:** Apart the registration of the candidate that the operator do, could a candidate register in the system in his/her console by himself/herself????
>
> **Answer:**. I do not think there is such a US

> **Question:**- I have understood that the registration of the candidate will always be done by the operator. I also have read this line in the documentation "The Operator of the Backoffice will import the files produced by the Applications File Bot and register the applications, creating candidates that dot not exist in the system" So I guess the mechanism that the Operator follows is display all the data of a candidate (US 1006), and if the system shows "this cadidate doesn't exit", the operator click in registering candidate (US 2000A) and then he/she registers the aplication, isn't it? Apart, could the Operator upload the CV of the candidate in the registering operation? or should it be done by the candidate in his/her console?
>
> **Answer:** Please see Q74 and all the others that refer to US2002. US2002 regards the import of the files that result from the Application File Bot. This import results in the creation of the respective applications in the system and possible creation of candidate user if it does not exist already. This is to be done automatically, without intervention of the operator. If, for some reason, the process encounters any problem (e.g., missing candidate date) it should interrupt the import a log/inform the operator. There is no US for the candidate to upload his/her CV. This is only done by email. Also, there is no US (apart from US2002) to import data from candidates.

> **Question:**
>
> **Answer:**


---

### Acceptance Acceptance Criteria ###

    AC01: All the fields must be filled
    AC02: Candidate´s phone number must have 9 digits
---

### Dependencies ###


---

### Input and Output Data ###

**Typed Data**: 

    * Candidate Name
    * Candidate Phone Number
    * Candidate Email

**Selected Data**:

    * Confirm or Not The candidate´s new profile

**Output Data**:
    
    * New candidate data
    * Operation Success

---

### System Sequence Diagram (SSD) ###

[SSD.puml](diagrams%2Fuml%2FSSD.puml)

---

## 2.Analysis

### Classes identified ###

 - RegisterCandidateUI
 - RegisterCandidateController
 - RegisterCandidateService
 - RegisterCandidateDto
 - CandidateRepository
 - Candidate
---

### Class Diagram ###

[CD.puml](diagrams%2Fuml%2FCD.puml)

---

## 3.Design

### Sequence Diagram (SD) ###

[SD.puml](diagrams%2Fuml%2FSD.puml)


---

